Adds kubernetes deployment (#38)
playframework/akka-grpc-play-quickstart-scala: docs/src/main/paradox/kubernetes.md

deployment.apps/play-scala-grpc-example-v1-0-snapshot   2         2         2            2           3m

NAME                                                               DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.apps/play-scala-grpc-example-v1-0-snapshot-6c7b575d86   2         2         2       3m
```

And send a request:

```
$ curl -H "Host: myservice.example.org"  http://`minikube ip`/ping
pong
```

## Networking 

The Kubernetes descriptor creates an Ingress rule based on the `myservice.example.org` virtual host. That external 
request sent via `curl` uses plaintext `HTTP/1.1` and hits the `HomeController`. The code in the `HomeController` then
uses a gRPC client to send a request to itself (configured in `application.conf` using `RP_KUBERNETES_POD_NAME`). The
added complexity is that the Play process is using a fake certificate issued to `localhost`. If the gRPC request
was sent to `Host: my-pod-name` the TLS handshake would fail so we hardcode the `Authority`. Summing up: the 
`HomeController` opens a socket to itself for `HTTP/2+TLS` but sends a request to the virtual `Host: localhost` so 

> the TLS handshake passes the hostname verification.     

Reviewer: I find this paragraph confusing.

service/kubernetes                ClusterIP   10.96.0.1       <none>        443/TCP               17h
service/play-scala-grpc-example   ClusterIP   10.106.226.87   <none>        9000/TCP,9443/TCP     3m

NAME                                                    DESIRED   CURRENT   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/play-scala-grpc-example-v1-0-snapshot   2         2         2            2           3m

NAME                                                               DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.apps/play-scala-grpc-example-v1-0-snapshot-6c7b575d86   2         2         2       3m
```

And send a request:

```
$ curl -H "Host: myservice.example.org"  http://`minikube ip`/
Hello, Caplin!
```

## Networking 

The Kubernetes descriptor creates an Ingress rule based on the `myservice.example.org` virtual host. This 
means that any incoming request with `Host: myservice.example.org` will be forwarded to our 
`service/play-scala-grpc-example`. The externally exposed port uses plaintext `HTTP/1.1` and hits 
the `HomeController`. The code in the `HomeController`, then, uses a gRPC client to connect to a gRPC Router 

> running on the same process (see the client configuration in `application.conf` using `RP_KUBERNETES_POD_NAME`). 

Reviewer: Left-over. 

s/RP_KUBERNETES_POD_NAME/DEPLOYMENT_SERVICE_NAME/

Author: ```suggestion
running on the same process (see the client configuration in `application.conf` using `DEPLOYMENT_SERVICE_NAME `). 
```

Author: @renatocaval using `s/x/y` on PR review is so 2018. Use suggestions! :-)
